# DAF - Data Management
This repo describes the philosophy behind the data management architecture of the Data & Analytics Framework (DAF). In particular, we'll describe the following topics:
- Data Structure
- Ingestion
- Re-distribution

## Overview: Data in DAF
Dataset in DAF are of three types: standard, ordinary and raw.

**Standard datasets** are defined as datasets with national relevance, standardized across data sources (there may be multiple data sources describing the same phenomena, i.e. the bike sharing phenomena can have a data source from "Comune di Milano", another from "Comune di Torino", etc.) and supported by the highest level of information/metadata. They are aimed at describing phenomena that are common nationwide and therefore are based on a detailed set of rules and standardization mechanisms that will make them homogeneous.

**Ordinary datasets** have "owner" relevance, in the sense that they are defined and generated by a specific owner for its specific usage. They do not obey to a standard nationwide schema, but the owner needs to specify metadata and info about the dataset before ingesting the data into the platform.

**Raw datasets** are those with the lowest level of information: DAF works more as a storage layer with simple look up mechanism via rest API. They are mostly used to manage Open Data without stringent metadata information.

## Where to go from here
We advise you read the following .md file to get the full flavor of data management in DAF. In particular, we'd suggest the following order:
1. [Datasets & Metadata in DAF](https://github.com/bianchi74/daf/blob/master/docs/metadata/readme.md)
2. [Operation](https://github.com/bianchi74/daf/blob/master/docs/operations/readme.md)
3. [Dataset Services](https://github.com/bianchi74/daf/blob/master/docs/datasetsrv/readme.md)
4. TBC - More to come ...


2. [Data Structure & Ingestion Pipeline](https://github.com/bianchi74/daf/blob/master/docs/datamgmt/operations/ingestion_dataset_add.md)
3. [Ingestion & HDFS Structure](https://github.com/bianchi74/daf/blob/master/docs/datamgmt/operations/ingestion_hdfs_structure.md)
4. [ssss]
5.
TBC - More to come ...
